fix(next/image): Improve error message for private IP (SSRF) rejections (#91686)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/02-guides/upgrading/version-16.mdx

module.exports = nextConfig
```

> If `/_next/image` returns a 400 with a message about the hostname resolving to a **private IP** (instead of the generic `"url" parameter is not allowed`), your DNS may be returning RFC 1918 addresses for a public hostname—for example `storage.googleapis.com` inside Docker or on a cloud VPC. That is expected with split-horizon DNS; use `images.dangerouslyAllowLocalIP` only when you understand the SSRF risk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This might be necessary when hosting Next.js in a VPC with split-horizon DNS and you receive status 400 Bad Request. Only enable once you understand the SSRF risk.
```
